Schema evolution is defined as the process of
changing the data schema for a given data set.
In practical terms, that means a Kafka producer has
modified the shape of the data as well as a data schema that it intends to send.
For example, we may be adding a field
or removing a field those would be types of schema evolution.
Even making a field optional or changing the type
or meaning of an existing field as a form of schema evolution.
To make a long story short,
if you're changing the format of your data in any way,
you're evolving your schema.
As we saw in an earlier exercise in this lesson,
changes to an existing schema,
any changes, have the potential to disrupt data consumers.
Thankfully, schema registry and Avro can help us with
this process and practice evolving a scheme schema
simply means updating the arrow definition and resubmitting
the schema to schema registry with some compatibility information.